## RC Servo Capacitor Driver Design Files<br>
<p> NOTE: 12/15/23: Due to problems with servo jitter causing amplitude modulation of the received and transmitted signals, the servo and the Arduino software are being redesigned to add PID control of the servo. An Arduino Nano microcontroller board will be added to the servo to implement the PID control functions. Those changes, once tested, will be added to this repository.
<p>
The original design of this magloop antenna capacitor driver used a stepper motor driven by an Arduino Uno and a Chinese microstepper stepper motor driver module.
<p>
That design, mechanically, worked perfectly but the microstep controller generated large amounts of radio frequency noise which severely interfered with HF radio reception. Numerous attempts to cure the RFI were tried with no success. This resulted in a complete redesign of the capacitor controller to reduce the RFI.
<p>
I decided to try using an RC model servo to turn the variable capacitor instead of the stepper motor. This turned out to be a good design decision as the modified capacitor controller now runs with only barely discernible RF interference. 
<p>
I have deleted the previous design project from my Github account and replaced it with this design.
<p>
The RC servo only requires three connections; 5 volt power, ground, and a PWM signal generated by the Arduino Uno. 
<p>
This servo pulls enough current from the 5 volt supply that the regulator on-board the Uno is unable to supply it. I added a 12 volt to 5 volt switching converter from Amazon to supply power to the servo.
<p>

